Your parents only want what is best for you.
Pull yourself togther!
Download Wakeboard Wayne on the Google Play Store.
Come and have a go if you think you're hard enough.
Work hard in silence and let success make the noise.
Without action, an idea is just a dream.
You are enough.
Crash Bandicoot 2 is the best Crash Bandicoot.
Always have your sensible head on.
hey :)
Maintain a healthy body weight.
Poor soil structure can go unseen and lead to a host of problems. Dig a soil pit and assess your soil structure.
I don't really care if something good happened to you. It should have happened to me instead.
Have you done something productive today? 
Go brush your teeth.
I love Slough for the jacket potatoes stall in town.... simply the best I've ever had. I used to get them weekly.
This game is amazing!
Down the road, make your first left, and just past the chip shop.
Bob is your uncle, and Fanny is in fact your aunt.
Everyone complains and moans too much.
Stop dossing about and start following your dream.
Join a gym.
You can do it!
Eat things off the floor.
Keep at it. Rome was not built in a day.
Patience, regular feeding, lots of out-of-habitat playtime, and soft talk will go a long way in helping you bond with your hamster.
Bake for 30-35 minutes, until lightly browned and a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean, then remove and leave to cool completely.
You don't have much time left.
It's not too late.
"I'm ugly and not good enough" Wrong! You're sexy, and better than just good enough. What're you waiting for? Go get the girl of your dreams.
Play Antonblast.
would be nice remake donkey kong for ps4
Sort it out!
I have a good friend, his name is George.
England! England! England!
Kenny is easily the best South Park character, Butters is a close second.
Spend more time with your loved ones.
There is most likely at least one person that cares about you immensely.
Cranberry Juice can help prevent urinary tract infections.
If you break your bone in two places, don’t go to those places again.
Never try and you will never fail.
Blame others.
Remember you can always just make up excuses.
Lie to and deceive those closest to you.
Hold on, this is just lots and lots of maths questions!
